KEANE:
He saved our lives.
CARRIE:
Yeah.
What was his name?
BRODY:
Carrie, you're not yourself.
CARRIE: You don't have
my condition.
I'm dealing with it.
I-I've been dealing with it
since I was 22.
♪ ♪
MAGGIE: She said no one at work
could know. She's bipolar.
MAN: The mood of the country,
it's not great.
-(siren wailing)
-O'KEEFE: Civil...War.
CARRIE:
Madam President, please!
You have to put a stop to this!
WOMAN:
It's only getting worse.
QUINN:
Is there no fucking line?
HILLARY CLINTON: Ridiculous lies
and accusations.
♪ ♪
WOMAN:
The White House
is in crisis mode.
SAUL: We're talking
about information warfare.
CARRIE: Our country
is under attack.
♪ ♪
O'KEEFE:
The time to rise up is now!
♪ ♪
CARRIE: I swore an oath
to protect it.
(siren wailing)
QUINN: Just think of me
as a light on the headlands,
a beacon steering you clear
of the rocks.
(breathing deeply)
(door opens)
(footsteps approaching)
-Dr. Meyer?
-Carrie! Jesus. You scared me.
Do--do you have, like,
five minutes?
I have a patient coming in.
I really need to talk
to you. Now.
Please?
Five minutes.
-(door closes)
-(keys thud)
Oh, my God.
You're bleeding.
-Um, I'm fine.
-What happened?
-Nothing. Uh...
-There's blood on your head.
-We should get you to an E.R.
-I don't have a head wound.
A head wound would be
a fucking relief. Can you focus?
O-Okay.
Why don't you sit down?
-I'm sorry.
-It's fine. Just... have a seat.
-Are you gonna sit?
-I'm not, actually.
Why don't you tell me
what's going on?
(sighs)
I think you're right.
I think my, uh, my lithium
is crapping out.
What have you noticed?
I'm jittery. My heart rate
is up. I'm talking too fast.
I've been through this
a zillion times.
I-I know what
it looks like, so...
C-could we just, um...could we
try another medication?
I'm happy
to change your meds
once we have a better sense
of what the situation is.
Well, I just told you.
You show up unannounced, looking
like a truck ran you over
and tell me that the problem
is your rate of speech?
I'm concerned
you may be injured.
I am concerned you may
need an HIV screen.
No, it's not like that.
I'm... (inhales deeply)
I had a few glasses of wine
and-and fell down.
It's embarrassing.
(exhales sharply)
Have you been drinking
too much in general?
Maybe.
-Blacking out?
-No.
What else? Hearing voices?
(sighs) No. No voices.
No visions.
But...
I'm grandiose.
(chuckles) I think...
we can all agree on that.
And, um...
impulse control...
is becoming a problem.
So... (sighs)
(exhales deeply)
When I'm like this,
it doesn't get better,
it gets worse.
If--if--
if the lithium is...
(inhales sharply)
isn't working...
(breathing deeply)
(voice breaks) It saved
my life, that drug.
I have a child. This cannot
be happening to me. (exhales)
You know the drill pretty well.
Wanna get to the rest of it?
What?
Are you a danger
to yourself?
Suicide? No.
No, no. I-I...
(inhales deeply) I couldn't
do that to Franny.
But it's safe to say I'm not as
risk-averse as-as I should be.
Okay, does that mean
you're a danger to others?
(exhales deeply)
(man speaks indistinctly
over radio)
SAUL: Okay, stop.
This is far enough. Stop.
(engines turn off)
I'll take it from here.
For the record,
this is fucking nuts.
(car door closes)
(birds chirping)
(dog barking)
J.J.:
Hey.
-Hello.
-(dog growling)
My name is Saul Berenson.
I'm looking for Brett O'Keefe.
Who?
Brett O'Keefe?
I was told he's here.
-Somebody told you wrong.
-(car door opens)
(barking)
Hey! (whistles)
Good boy.
So you're FBI?
I work for the president
of the United States.
Need to talk to Mr. O'Keefe.
It's important.
I told you, nobody here
by that name.
(dog grunts)
Tell him I'm not leaving
till I see him.
I'll go get my dad.
(whistles) Hey.
(dog panting)
-MAGGIE: Carrie?
-(descending footsteps)
-Carrie?
-Hi.
Fucking hell.
She's right here.
I don't have any idea.
Would you call the precinct,
let them know
we found her? Yeah.
-(beeps, phone thuds)
-Sorry.
We called every hospital,
every--
-I just said I'm sorry.
-Franny was terrified.
Why didn't you just
tell her I was working?
Because you don't have a job.
She's not a baby.
She understands things.
Not to mention the fact that
we don't lie to our children.
Back off. Okay?
I was at the shrink,
exactly like you wanted.
You were right.
I'm-I'm...
I'm not myself.
(inhales deeply)
(exhales sharply)
At all.
(inhales sharply,
exhales deeply)
(sighs) Apparently, I've
developed a lithium tolerance.
Dr. Meyer told you this?
-Basically, she wants me to...
-(pills rattles)
...sedate myself into a coma
to break the manic cycle.
-(bag rustles)
-(Carrie sighs)
-Seroquel.
-(bag thuds)
That'll knock you out
for a few days.
At least.
(exhales deeply)
And then what?
Uh, we start experimenting
with different drugs,
maybe augment the lithium
with a second drug.
maybe... (inhales deeply)
(exhales deeply)
replace it altogether.
(exhales sharply)
Oh, my God.
Oh, God. I can't believe
this is happening.
Hey, come here.
(Carrie breathing heavily)
(voice breaks)
Maggie, I'm so scared.
Don't be.
We'll get through this.
And we've
been here before.
But we haven't.
We haven't been here before.
I'm starting at
the beginning again.
It--it could take...
(inhales shakily)
months to find
the right dosage,
or years, or--or--
or maybe nothing works.
(sighs)
I can't raise a kid
if I'm at the bottom of
a black hole with no walls.
-(whispers) Fuck.
-That is not going to happen.
You don't know that.
I know that we will do
everything possible
-to find an effective treatment.
-Listen to me.
I can't have Franny visiting me
in a locked ward, ever.
I don't care what
you say to her.
She can't see me like that.
-She won't.
-Promise me.
I would rather you say
I was dead.
-Stop.
-I mean it.
I do, too. Stop it.
Now...
let's get you started
on the Seroquel.
Okay.
(water running)
(radio chatter)
-(under breath) Shit.
-(car doors open)
(radio chatter continues,
car doors close)
Tell 'em to stand down.
All right, just stay here.
♪ ♪
-So who turned me in?
-(scoffs)
Let me guess--tall one
with the blond hair.
He seemed
like the weak link.
Does it matter?
It's over.
I don't agree.
Roads are blocked.
No one's getting out.
There's no need for this
to end badly.
Well, that depends on
how you define "badly."
That ball's in your court.
I'm not going anywhere.
You're a fugitive
from justice.
Eventually, we'll have to
come in and get you.
Well, it won't be
without a fight,
I can tell you that.
I see women and children
back there.
You really gonna put them
in harm's way?
If I have to.
(sighs) What do you say
we at least explore
the other options,
talk them through?
-Talk 'em through, huh?
-Yeah.
Do it right over there,
in plain sight of everyone.
♪ ♪
Hey. Where you going?
I have to think about it.
O'Keefe!
I said I'll think about it.
(dog barking)
You don't have him
in custody?
SAUL: No, he's back
in the house.
WELLINGTON:
Well, why didn't you grab him?
I told you, David,
there were guns drawn.
We're at some sort of
family compound.
I'm not sure
who all lives here.
FBI's trying to establish that.
But there are definitely
children.
Trying to avoid an incident.
So what do you want
from us?
Authority to negotiate terms
for O'Keefe's surrender.
Fine.
-Anything within reason.
-Also, I need the FBI Director
to order his people around here
to lay back.
O'Keefe's been making them
look like idiots for six weeks,
and they're in the mood
to break heads.
♪ ♪
Before we go in,
maybe you should tell me
what's on your mind.
We could end this right now.
-How?
-By dropping all charges.
Tell Saul and the FBI
to pick up and walk away.
You mean let O'Keefe go?
You really believe
that's the best move
after all the shit
he's pulled?
It is the only sure way
to keep the situation
from going sideways.
Saul can handle it.
He said guns were
already drawn.
Brett O'Keefe is a menace.
I want him in custody.
-(indistinct conversations)
-MAN: Madam President.
(door closes)
What have we got?
-Good morning, Madam President.
-Good morning.
GENERAL ROSSEN: We have
a time-sensitive matter
we need to bring
to your attention,
-not on the agenda.
-(man clears throat)
Okay.
We have fresh intel that Assad
is mounting an offensive
against the Free Syrian Army.
We've been tracking
an arms shipment from Iran.
It's on its way to
a weapons depot
on the outskirts of
Al-Salamiyah.
Now we can hit that convoy
before it gets there.
Excuse me, General,
this is the same briefing
I got last week.
It's been updated, ma'am.
Updated how?
We have three
new strike scenarios,
including one scrambling
F-15E Eagles out of Incirlik.
(presses button)
The intelligence
is the same, though--
a shipment of weapons on
its way from Iran to Syria.
Yes, ma'am.
So what makes you think
I've changed my mind?
Because as far as
I can tell,
this is exactly
the recommendation
I rejected on Friday,
right?
-With respect, Madam President--
-Answer me. Am I right?
Or... am I missing
something here?
No, ma'am. You're--
you're right, ma'am.
Then I ask again,
what makes you think
I've changed my position?
-I see that you haven't.
-Correct.
And however
politically vulnerable
you may or may not think I am,
all of you,
don't think for a second
that I will be leveraged
or back away
from the military drawdown
I announced on the very first
day of my candidacy.
So let's not waste
any more time on this.
Moving on.
(indistinct conversations)
(children shouting playfully
in distance)
Uh, I have to apologize,
dragging you all into this.
Well... (inhales deeply)
we knew it could happen.
"Someday." That's...
(scoffs)
that's very different
from "today."
What you wanna do?
(sighs)
Well, I'm tryin'
to figure that out.
That man out there,
Saul Berenson--
he is the national security
advisor to the president.
Her right hand, practically.
That means
we are high priority,
we are big fuckin' news,
and where I come from,
that's a good thing.
If their plan was
to take me by force,
they would've
done it already,
out there just now,
but they didn't.
Here we are, inside,
chatting away.
They are outside.
holding their dicks.
It's an interesting
situation.
I just don't know how long
it can last, though,
this gentlemanly standoff.
We are so outnumbered.
(sips)
We don't have to be.
(footsteps approach)
So what's the plan?
Brett.
Berenson says
he wants to talk.
I'm gonna talk.
-Saul.
-(radio chatter)
Ten minutes!
(cellphone vibrating)
(vibrating continues)
(cellphone clatters)
(vibrating grows louder)
-(beep)
-Hello?
Hello?
(cellphone thuds)
(sighs)
(loud knock on patio door)
(knocking continues)
-(sighs)
-(knocking continues)
(knocking continues)
-Maggie?
-(knocking)
(sighs)
I've been calling you
for the past hour.
(door closes)
Anybody here?
Um, I don't...
No.
-What's wrong with you?
-I was asleep.
Well, you need
a cup of coffee or something?
No.
I ran down that photo
you sent me.
(sighs) I thought I was
supposed to fuck off
and never call you again.
Simone Martin.
Born outside Paris.
Graduated from
the London School of Economics.
Met David Wellington in Budapest
four years ago.
They've been involved
on and off ever since.
She works for an NGO called
the International Democracy
Foundation.
Four months ago, she moved back
to their Washington office.
-Listen...
-It gets better.
Stop. I can't help you
with this. It's interesting.
I-I-I hope
you find something.
What are you talking about?
(sighing)
I'm sick, and...
I'm gonna be sick
for a while.
What does that mean?
(sighs deeply)
-You have to leave me alone.
-Fuck that.
Go get in my car. We'll get
you some antibiotics.
-Leave you alone...
-(sighs) I'm sorry.
You were ready to torch
my career for the revolution.
Take a shower.
Let's get on with it.
(exhales deeply)
(exhales sharply)
I'm bipolar.
And my drug protocol
is fucked up, so...
(sighs) There's a whole
process that has to happen,
and it does not include
me doing this.
(sighs)
Okay.
Part of being manic
is seeing connections
everywhere.
Some of it's made my career,
but some of it's just...
...nightmares that don't stop
when you're awake.
So yes. This administration
is messing with civil procedure,
but...
(inhales and exhales deeply)
this nefarious shit
that I'm ascribing
to the president
and David Wellington is just...
What? You think
you made it up?
(sighs)
That's what happens.
A vehicle registered
to this woman
was issued a parking ticket
on March 30th
in Hazelton, West Virginia.
That's three miles
from the prison
where General McClendon
was sentenced
to spend
the rest of his life.
It's also
the day before he died.
And yeah,
I know where she lives,
in case you're wondering.
♪ ♪
(breathing deeply)
(children shouting playfully
in distance)
(dog barking in distance)
Must be a slow week
in Washington
if the president sends
her new National Security
Advisor down here.
You don't have anything
better to do?
Defeat ISIS? Bring peace
to the Middle East?
Most urgent national security
issue right now is you.
Me? Really?
Wow!
Just so we're clear,
all I've done,
all I am doing
is exercising
my First Amendment rights,
for which I have been
slandered, persecuted, hunted--
How about gettin' down
off that high horse?
-Just the two of us here.
-Just the two of us, huh?
(chuckles) There are
federal sharpshooters
out there right now.
Jesus, I can-- I can practically
feel the gun sights.
One false move... Pow!
Nobody's gonna shoot you,
O'Keefe.
Not yet, anyway.
Then lose the rifles.
Just as soon as your people do.
Well, that hardly
seems fair, does it?
Well, I'm not the one
breaking the law.
-I beg your pardon?
-Isn't that what you're doing?
Well, I'd like to think
I'm filling a void,
the one vacated by
the walking dead
and decrepit media.
Come on. You're smart.
You don't really believe that.
Oh, I do.
-I do. People are angry.
-So you keep saying.
Maybe they'd be
a little less angry
and a little more reasonable,
these people,
if you stopped peddling
your outright falsehoods,
conspiracy theories...
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Seriously.
You're poisoning
the conversation.
What conversation?
We haven't had a conversation
in this country for 50 years.
Not since "these people,"
as you keep calling them,
got sent to fight the war
in Vietnam.
Not since their children
were bussed to schools
in the ghetto.
Not since their jobs
were shipped overseas.
Not since the Christian values
they cherish
were trashed and ridiculed
in favor of every boy
who thinks he's a girl
or girl who thinks she's
a boy--well, fuck that.
(dog barking in distance)
Fair enough.
"Fair enough"?
Every one of those things
you just mentioned
is worth talking about,
debating.
(chuckles)
Hear, hear.
Instead, you're out there
accusing the president
of murdering General McClendon,
calling for a revolution.
Hey...
I serve my audience.
-That's your answer?
-That's the American way.
Nothing ever got done
in this country
by civil discourse alone.
The loud get heard.
They always have.
They also fall the hardest.
Come and get me. Go ahead.
Send in the storm troopers.
We'll see what happens.
The world is watching.
Not for long.
What do you mean?
Once we shut down
your broadcast,
jam your communications,
you'll be
completely cut off.
(dog barking in distance)
Here's the truth.
You will never be in
a stronger negotiating position
than you are right now.
Tell me what you want.
What's it gonna take for you
to walk outta here?
(dog continues barking)
(siren wailing in distance)
(sighs)
-Still on the phone?
-Mm-hmm.
(exhales slowly)
I had an ex
who was bipolar.
-Really?
-Yeah.
It sucks.
I'm sorry you have to
deal with that.
-Is that why you broke up?
-(scoffs) No.
You can say it. It's not
gonna hurt my feelings.
We broke up 'cause
I drank too much.
Why'd you drink?
Kabul.
Boredom after.
Did you stop?
No.
I didn't.
It's under control.
That's what I told
my sister. (scoffs)
Then she sent me
to the shrink.
Is it?
Under control?
Not really.
Took Audrey forever
to figure out the drugs.
Years of messing
with dosages and diet
and does she drink or not?
And there were
times when...
(exhales)
We had
some bad days but...
Eventually she got
her head straight.
Just in time to leave me.
(door opens)
DANTE:
Hey. She's on the move.
(key turns)
-What are you doing?
-Go ahead.
I'm gonna look around.
-Get back in the car.
-Don't worry about it.
-You're half asleep.
-You're gonna lose her.
You need to go.
(tires screech)
(window squeaks and clicks)
(window opens)
♪ ♪
(exhales deeply)
(camera shutter clicking)
(computer beeps)
(electronic chirp)
♪ ♪
(camera shutter clicks)
(click)
(clicks)
SAUL: I know he's attacked you
personally, ma'am,
but I think
there's an opportunity
to be generous here.
WELLINGTON:
What are the terms?
Amnesty for everyone
who's provided
safe harbor for him.
-Okay.
-Including a woman who's been
traveling with him,
uh, Sharon Aldright.
WELLINGTON:
Anything else?
He wants a televised trial.
I am not giving that lunatic
a megaphone.
He's already got one,
Madam President.
What this deal does is
take it away.
How do you figure?
He'll have half the country
tuning in all day, every day.
Slowroll the preliminaries.
And that'll be two years before
anybody sees the inside
of a courtroom.
That's a lifetime
from now if you ask me,
hopefully forgotten by then.
His audience
will have dried up.
Do all the grandstanding he
wants. There won't be anybody--
I'm proud of you.
You're doing the right thing.
Not so fast.
What do you mean?
Keane hasn't agreed
to anything yet.
Berenson's still on
the phone with her.
-She will.
-Don't be so sure.
Okay.
Well, we're gonna find out
soon enough anyway.
Plus I'm not so hot
all of a sudden
on the idea
of going to prison.
Why are you assuming
that's what's gonna happen?
(sighs)
Why wouldn't I assume that?
There's a trial
to get through first.
And the point is,
you did nothing wrong.
You didn't know anything
about a plot
to assassinate
the president, right?
Brett?
Yeah, of course not.
Well, then, you have
nothing to worry about.
Well, she had McClendon
poisoned, didn't she?
Oh, come on, Brett,
not even you believe that.
You know, you're
the second person today
who's told me that.
The other one's
right out there,
no idea what's about
to hit him.
-What are you talking about?
-Let's just say,
I'd take your bags
back upstairs if I were you.
We're not going anywhere
just yet.
(camera shutter clicking)
(siren wails)
-MAN (over radio): Uh, 10-15.
-Excuse me, ma'am?
Hi.
-You live around here?
-No.
What are you
doing here today?
I'm meeting a friend.
Starbucks.
-Nothing else?
-Like what?
Someone was seen breaking into
an apartment down the block.
You match the description.
(exhales) Yeah. That...
I was not breaking
into an apartment.
I mean, I-I was. I'm--
I'm feeding my friend's cat.
Um, she's out of town,
and I forgot the keys
at home like an idiot.
So-so I went through
the window. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to freak
anybody out.
You mind if I give
your friend a call?
-Just to confirm?
-Well, she's out of the country.
That's why I have to feed
the stupid cat.
What's her name?
I don't wanna give you
her name.
She's had immigration issues,
frankly,
and the last thing she needs
is to be on your radar.
-What's your name?
-Yeah, I really have to go.
Ma'am. You were spotted
breaking into an apartment.
We're gonna need
some information.
Do I look like a burglar?
Go through my pockets.
I have a phone
and some ChapStick.
Someone called it in,
so I'm gonna need you
to make a statement
down at the precinct either way.
The precinct?
This is ridiculous.
I have to pick up my kid
from school.
You're refusing to provide us
with your name.
I could cite you
just for that.
So how 'bout you step
into the car
and just explain what happened
down at the precinct?
♪ ♪
(panting)
-(radio chatter)
-Down on the ground!
No, wait! Wait, don't shoot,
don't shoot, don't shoot!
I'm Sharon Aldright!
I work with Brett O'Keefe!
-Where is he?
-He's not coming.
-Look, there's something
going on in there.
-What?
I don't know, but I know that
there's reinforcements
-coming in now.
-(dog barks in distance)
Let's go! Let's go! Hey!
Close the road. Shut it down.
Set up a perimeter.
I need ten of you!
Now! Let's move!
Saul! Saul!
Saul!
MASLIN:
Get out of there! Run!
-Run!
-(motors revving)
(grunts)
-(guns cock)
-Let him go!
I don't think so!
Get him back to the house.
Nobody move!
I said let him go, or we'll
slaughter you where you stand.
(dog barking)
-WOMAN: Come on!
-(guns cock)
♪ ♪
I got snipers
in the woods, pal.
Every one of you is
a dead man two times over.
-Maslin...
-No, shut it, Saul.
You got five seconds.
Four, three...
-Two...
-Let him go.
You, too, tough guy.
Put your weapons down.
-You're under arrest.
-Fuck you. You want us?
You're gonna have to shoot us
in the back. Let's go.
(engine starts)
(indistinct conversations)
(dog barking)
You know,
just for the record,
I told you so.
(indistinct conversations)
(barking continues)
Hey. Good. Good.
♪ ♪
(radio chatter)
My kid's gonna be sitting on
the curb by herself.
Is there someone
we can call for you?
No, there isn't.
I'm a single mother.
-WOMAN: We get a name yet?
-Nothing yet.
Okay, this is
a misunderstanding,
and your officers are
completely overreacting.
I'm 100% sure that's true.
-Right this way, please.
-Well, I just told them,
my kid is waiting for me
at school to pick her up.
Okay, okay, we'll talk about it.
In here, please.
(indistinct conversations)
Have a seat. Please.
Can I see some I.D.?
Maybe a driver's license.
There's nothing on me.
Sorry. (scoffs)
Tell me your name, please.
(sighs) I wanna see your
commanding officer right now.
You realize, if I can't get
basic information out of you,
this just goes downhill.
(sighs)
Listen, the apartment thing
was a mix-up.
I need you to believe me.
I can't end up in your system.
(breathing shakily)
I have
a six-year-old daughter,
and I'm in the middle
of a...
very ugly custody battle.
So if I have an arrest
on my record, they're gonna...
they're gonna take my kid
away from me.
Do--do you understand
what I'm saying?
We have to book you.
But I'm gonna call someone
at Social Services
-and see if they can--
-No. No, no, no. No.
Tell me your name, hon.
You cannot call
Social Services.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
-Go ahead.
-Ma'am, please come with me.
No, do not book me.
Do not book me.
Do not book me, please. Please.
Please. Please don't do this.
Please, please, please, please.
No. Don't do this. No, no.
-Hey, hey, get off of me.
-Come on.
-Get off of me.
-Calm down.
No. (breathing heavily) No!
-(grunting)
-All right, that's enough.
No, no. (sobbing)
(sobbing) No.
What the hell happened?
I thought it was a done deal.
He was playing us
the whole time.
Stalling until he could get
more guys with guns
-into the compound.
-How many more?
At least 30,
according to Saul.
Jesus.
Is it too late to walk away?
Media's there in full force.
We'll take a beating.
We do have a few options.
Such as?
Well...
That arms shipment
to the Assad regime--
the window's still open
for an air strike.
A show of strength
isn't necessarily
a bad thing, Elizabeth.
Don't reject it out of hand.
-I already have. Twice.
-Then take a third look.
Otherwise, Brett O'Keefe is
the lead story tomorrow
and the next day
and the day after that.
I am not gonna blow up
a convoy in Syria
in order to control
the news cycle.
Then do it because it will
save lives on the ground.
-Says who? General Rossen?
-If those weapons are destined
for the front lines,
well, they'll be used
against FSA positions
in population centers,
hospitals, apartments,
schools, mosques--
Okay. Okay!
Assume for a second I say yes,
-where does it end?
-What do you mean?
What about
the Russian supply routes?
-Do I bomb those, too?
-That's your objection?
That you can take out
an Iranian convoy
without risking a world war,
but not a Russian one?
The point is, you draw a line,
you stay behind it.
Listen to yourself.
You're in
a defensive crouch.
You're stuck there.
You have been for months.
It's bad policy.
It's wrong. It just is.
I know, but you have
to do it, anyway.
-Why?
-Because you won the election.
Remember why you decided
to run in the first place?
What you hoped to accomplish?
Well, all that's
in the balance right now.
You...You wanna get anything
done in the next four years,
you are gonna have to fight
like hell for it,
starting tonight.
I'm sorry, David.
I just can't.
Not like this.
I wish I could.
(sighs)
Now let me finish this.
I wanna get to bed
before midnight.
(papers rustle)
(door opens, closes)
(radio chatter, guns cock)
(indistinct conversations)
(motor rumbling)
(engines rumbling)
MAN: Mr. Berenson.
-SAUL: Thanks.
-Sure.
-(radio chatter)
-Offer you a bed for the night?
We just booked a bunch of rooms
at the motel in town.
-No, I'm good.
-You sure?
Nothing's gonna happen here
till morning.
That's what I'm afraid of.
Have a good night, sir.
(engine rumbling)
♪ ♪
(footsteps approaching)
(key turns, door unlocks)
(door squeaks)
Hey, Jane Doe.
Up. Let's go.
Where am I going?
You can't take me anywhere
-before I see a lawyer.
-You should shut up.
(scoffs)
Come on.
(radio chatter)
(indistinct conversations)
Here you go.
Have Wiley call me
if there's anything.
Will do.
(plastic rustles)
What'd you do?
You posted bail?
Walk.
(indistinct conversations
continue)
(vacuum whirring)
(whirring grows louder)
(faint whirring continues)
(dial tone, phone beeps)
(buttons clicking, beeping)
(clears throat)
(line rings)
(telephone rings)
Rossen here.
General.
It's David Wellington.
What can I do for you,
David?
The president's come around.
She just approved
the Syrian mission.
You have full operational
authority. Start the clock.
You're aware I need
to hear this order directly
from the president herself,
right?
Of course. She asked if we could
skip the formalities, though.
She's--she's not feeling well.
Went to bed.
Well, then, it'll have to
wait until morning.
Okay. But...
there's no delicate way
to put this, General.
I'm afraid she could
change her mind by morning.
-General?
-Yes, I'm--I'm here.
Can I give you
the confirmation code
just so you have it?
You say the president
authorized the strike.
15 minutes ago
in the Oval.
You have my word.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Stand by for
confirmation code.
CARRIE:
How'd you find me?
You didn't answer your phone,
so I drove back to Simone's.
No sign of you there.
Figured something happened,
so... made some calls.
There's no record
of the arrest?
No.
-At all?
-Yeah, lucky for you,
I still have some juice
in this town.
Not much, but...
-How'd it go, by the way?
-What?
At Simone's.
Find anything?
Oh, yeah.
The parking ticket.
I got a photo of it.
Plus I downloaded
her hard drive.
Then it wasn't for nothing.
(exhales deeply)
-Can you pull over?
-You okay?
(exhales deeply)
Just need some air.
(engine turns off)
-(breathing heavily)
-(car door closes)
-(continues breathing heavily)
-Carrie?
I'm fine.
When's the last time
you had something to eat?
I just--
I just need a second.
-Take your time.
-(exhales)
(exhales deeply)
I had some difficulty with
Child Protective Services
a few months ago, so...
An arrest on my record
would've been...
(voice breaking) Would've
been really problematic.
(inhales sharply)
(exhales deeply)
Wanna sit for a minute?
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH